It is actually with me. The notebook followed me to the next world. I almost can't believe it. I'm writing this with trembling hands. This means that there must be more materials which can traverse worlds. I need to find out where and how to find them. This notebook was made from the bark of sir Hollis, Which means that it counts as a relic. This should be the start of my search. Religion and relics.

My current situation:
I have woken up in a small house in which a family of at least 3 live. I'm expecting this to be all of them because of how they introduced themselves. It seems that the father, Taran and the son, Egon found me in the forest and carried me to the house. 
The house itself looks small, however the wood was grey. almost stone like. Besides this they mentioned an Quagga, from what I remember those are the ancestors of the Zebra. This together with what they call primal gives me the impression of what I normally would call pre-historic. However their clothes and house don't give off this impression. Just the names of the people, the animal and the general materials used. I will have to look further into this.

The family was welcoming, but the father was being sceptical about me. He got quite angry after looking at me and said that I didn't use something called primal. For a moment I thought that I'd be branded as a heretic, however after a bit of tension, he suddenly dropped the issue. I don't know if it was because he saw my reaction or something else, however everything he said was the truth. Including that he was not worried that I would try something to harm them. They seem like good people. However I should keep my guard up. I never know when I have to run again. Better be safe than sorry. 

First I need to train up my body again for better odds at whatever happens. Next I need to find out what primal is. Here is what I know so far.
It is something that has to do with the body akin to breathing.
It causes marks that look like stretch marks. which tells me that it causes the body to bulk up in an unusual way. They call these marks the Quagga effect.
The marks were one everyone's neck. according to them this had to do with holding up your head as a baby. besides that Taran had marks across his arms and legs, while Frida, his wife, had marks around her fingers and wrists. This tells me that it probably has something to do with muscles. 

This is all I know for now. Tomorrow I will ask for more details, I can still handle 4 more days without sleep, so tonight I will keep my guard up. I have not been outside yet so I don't know where I am except for a forest that I saw from the window. so it is also key to find out if there are any roads leading from this house.