for whoever reads this, in this notebook I will be writing down my research in the similarities and differences of the different worlds that i have been to. I have been traveling for a long time now, and obtain this notebook which I hope to bring with me across worlds. 
Let's start with who I am and why i am doing this. My name is something that i have lost. When I arrive at a world, I always take a local name as my name for the time that I spend there. For my friends though, I use a separate name. This name was given to me by someone who came from the same world where I'm from. He gave me the name Phosphorus, shortened to Phos. In his words "Wherever you go, you just need a small trigger to shine brightly". He asked me to give everyone I come across a scientific nickname. He called himself Argentum, or silver due to people telling him that he always sees a silver lining. But enough about names. Who am I besides the name. I honestly don't know what I am, I think I am human, but I have lived way longer than any human is supposed to. I have been traveling from world to world for a long time, however this is not by choice.

It al began long ago. one day a grey blanket that drained all the colour washed over the land. Everyone and everything froze. Before I knew it, I woke up in a completely different place. This was my first jump. A jump between worlds. Ever since then this pattern has repeated itself many times. I arrive in a world, I live there for a while, the world becomes grey and I will be kicked out. Arriving in a new world in the same state that I was in when I made my first jump. The time that I live in a world varies, so far the shortest that I have come across has been 3 months. but the longest, the longest has been 120 years. Which is longer than my lifespan is supposed to be. That is what I meant when I wrote that I wasn't sure if I was still human. I have been in so many places, lived for so many years, I have lived, i have laughed, i have cried, i have despaired. throughout these years, throughout these worlds I've made many friends, and i've had many goodbye's. But I was always focussed on my immediate goal of going home. I was scared of getting to close to others, afraid that I would make another jump just when i get to know them. I don't even know if the people I met are still alive, or if those worlds truly have ended. And that brings me to the goal of this notebook. Throughout my journeys I have learned many skills and obtained a lot of knowledge, however all that knowledge relates to skills that I have learned to survive better. Now that I know how to survive, it is time for me to look more closer to the worlds themselves. What are the things that are the same between worlds, what are the differences. Cultural, history, deities, creation. from the people to the ones that govern the worlds. I will chronicle everything that has happened inside this notebook.

I don't know how I will chronicle it at this moment. I know that it will be a journal, but even those can be written in many ways. But that is enough for now, I can see the dark blanket coming again. So soon it will be time to say goodbye. At the end of this book you can find a list of some changes to my body which stay between jumps for more context.

[[Letter found at the first page]]
[[Chapter 1]]
