The forest was calm as usual. A few animals drinking at the creek, the wind rustling the early autumn leaves of the giant stone like trees, and the mist settling while the sun is slowly taking its place in the sky as the day begins.
A big man, together with a smaller boy, are walking through the forest. the boy looks around 12 years old, and both are carrying axes. The Blade doesn't look particularly sharp; the edge has all kinds of bumps. The handle looked like it was moulded into shape using one’s hands instead of being cut into the right size, with an exact indentation of their handprints on the bottom and the top of the handles. "I'm gonna go ahead and find the biggest one before you do.” Said the boy. The man laughs using his deep voice. "Alright. The one who cuts down the biggest tree gets the bigger portion tonight." "Yes" The boy exclaims loudly while pointing with his axe to his father. "I won't lose this time." The boy runs off into the distance following the rivers downstream. "Hmmm, then let’s take a look, shall we?" The man looks around and starts walking the other direction towards the hills.

The boy runs through the forest for almost an hour, looking around him to see if he sees the biggest tree around. This part of the forest was unknown to him; This was the first time that his father took him this deep into the forest. The river was flowing further down into the valley where it eventually would end up in a late, however this was still far away.  In the distance he sees that the trees were a lot larger than those close to home. After making a mental note of the location he parted away from the river and started to run towards the higher ground. After running around for a while he comes across a tree that had fallen down. Even though the length was not that impressive, its thickness was more than twice the size of the boy. Without hesitation he takes a step back, runs towards the fallen tree and leaps over the tree.
After a few minutes of running around he sees a couple of trees which are visibly higher than the rest. He quickly changes direction again and ends up at a small meadow, in the middle of the meadow is a hill with the two trees. One of those trees was the biggest he had ever seen. He ran towards the tree, readying his axe. However, just before he reaches the tree, he notices something. A figure was sitting against the tree. 'Oh no, did dad find this tree first?' the boy thought to himself. He had to win. After all, mom was finally back and was cooking tonight.
He quickened his pace to cut down the tree before him. However, as he gets closer, he sees that it was not his father who was sitting there. Instead, it was some other person. He looked closely at the guy sitting against the tree, he was quite scrawny compared to the others who live near the forest. Probably someone from the city. He was dressed weirdly, almost no metals, it was all fabric except for things like buttons and belt buckles.
The boy poked the guy a couple of times with the handle of his axe. "Hey, wake up. I need that tree."
… No reaction. "Hello, are you okay?" Still no reaction. The boy got a bit worried. Why was there a random guy in the forest, and why did this random guy have to sleep beneath MY tree.
It didn't really matter in the end why he was there. Rules are rules. he grabbed the wooden whistle, which was around his neck. The whistle was in the shape of a leave, the whistle had two holes for the mouthpiece, and two at the back. He readies the whistle by blowing in both the holes in an alternating way. He blew 4 notes: high, low, high, low. "Forest rules number 4, always help those who are in trouble in the forest."

He waited for a couple of Minutes when he starts hearing thundering footsteps coming closer. It didn't take long before he saw his father run up the hill at an inhuman speed. "What's the emergency." His father says quickly, before noticing that his boy looks calm. He looks over to the person on the ground and kneels besides him. "What happened." "I don't know, I went up to this tree and this guy was sitting here. he doesn't wake up. he's even worse than you are when waking up." The father checks the person's pulse. "he is alive but weakened. He also didn't activate primal, so it might just be that he overexerted himself." The father explained, taking this opportunity to lecture his son on the danger of going too far when it comes to working in the forest.
The father stands back up again. "Let's take him with us. Can you carry him? then I'll bring the tree." "NO WAY!" the boy loudly shouts. “You bring the guy; I'll bring the tree. Otherwise, you'll say that you won" The father laughs and picks up the guy. "Alright, then show me how well you can cut down the tree."
The boy looks back at the tree. its size must be at least 10 times that of his home. the bark looks tough as stone, not to mention the wood itself, which had a grey hue which stood in contrast of its bright yellow and red leaves. He readies his axe, holding it in both his hands. He prepares to swing and... The tree falls with a loud thundering clap, Any birds that were nearby flew away at the crash. one swing, that's all it took. The axe that looked like it couldn't even cut through butter, cut through the tree with the boy’s strength alone.
"Did that sound wake him up?"
"Nope, now hurry up and let's go. I promised your mother to be back before it gets dark."
"Alright" The boy picks up the log and lifts it on his shoulder as if it is nothing, balancing it with one hand. The moment he has the log ready on his shoulder; he looks down to see a notebook. This must belong to the guy. He picks it up and puts it away with his free hand.
"Be careful not to hit anything with that log." "Yeah yeah, I know, shall we go already?" The father nods, he looks back one final time. “We should return here with your mother for a picknick before the seasons fully change.”
With that comment they head back towards the river and follow it back home. Back through the forest while carrying a log the size of 10 times their cabin, and an unknown person.

In the distance they already see the cabin. The cabin stands in an open field with a large shed, a barn and a couple other buildings. From the cabin smoke rises, just barely visible in the moonlight. Inside the flickering light of the fireplace lights up the path to the door like a warm welcome.
"WE'RE HOME" the boy shouts when he crashes through the door. The log had been set outside next to the small overhang where they keep their wood for the winter. From the fireplace a soft voice is heard. "Welcome home. Is what I’d like to say" She turns around with an angry look on her face. "And now that you are home. EGON TARAN FRIDA, explain why you both are so late." The mother of the boy's voice roared through the house. "You both promised to be back before dark." She points out of the window. The sun had already set below the horizon, the only thing lighting up the forest being the light of 2 visible moons.
The boy stutters a bit "uhm... uhm..." When the father walks in while carrying the guy "don't be too harsh on the boy. We had a rule 4 situation." He walks to his wife, gives her a kiss on the cheek and continues walking towards the hallway, into the second room on the left. He lays the guy down on a simple bed and returns. "So, trouble in the forest. Is he alright?" the mother asks. "He has a pulse and doesn't seem to be starving. We expect that he used primal for too long and that he fell asleep" the father sits down. "It seems that he will be asleep for at least another few hours, if his state is anything to go by." the mother thinks for a second. "Shall I take a look to be sure?" "No, I checked his vitals and everything looked fine. It's better to keep a bit of distance. He might be knocked out, but he is still from outside the forest. let's just wait for now."
The mother sighs. "I guess you're right. from what I saw when you carried him in, he didn't have any wounds. Best to stay together and just wait."

She walks towards the table. "Well then. Dinner?" Before she even finished that word Egon already was sitting at the table. "Come on dad." The father stands next to him and looks at him with a stern face. "Aren't you forgetting something?" The boy thinks for a second. before making an 'ah ha' face and standing up. he runs to his mother and gives her a hug. "Welcome home mom. I missed you." The mother hugs the boy back. "Thank you, Egon." She looks at her husband. "Come here Taran" The man sighs with a soft smile and heads over to the two and joins the two, laying his giant like arms around both of them. "Welcome home honey"
Dinner was quite eventful. The mother told the other two her stories of the city and its giant metal structures. About the people who she treated and some funny stories about weird patients that she had come across. Egon on the other hand was loudly boasting about how strong he had gotten, that he finally was allowed to join his father with gathering wood this year, and that he even beat him today in their match, even if by a technicality. Of course while enjoying his bigger portion. He had won after all.
The father, he mostly just listens, both happy that his wife is back. However, he keeps an eye on the hallway just to be sure.
Dinner took twice as long as usual. When they were finished the third moon had already risen. "I'll help you clean up." said Egon happily to his mother. "You're helping for once? Why couldn't you do that when it was just us two." his father replies with a grin. "Guys, no fighting. Otherwise you'll have to deep clean the stable for a month by yourself." Both instantly stopped talking while trying to hold their laughter.

The silence didn't last long though, as they hear a creak of a door. From the second door to the left of the hallway their guest slowly peaks out his head. He looks on guard, and a bit uncomfortable. The father, sitting on the couch raises his hand to the stranger, signalling that they are here. "Good evening. Did you sleep well?"
The guy slowly enters the room from the open hallway. He keeps looking around with his yellow-coloured eyes as if he is searching for something. "Uhm. yeah. Thank you for your hospitality." He looks at the three sitting in the room. nodding his head to the mother and the boy. "It's nice to meet you." "Please, sit down." replies the mother. "Egon, can you get our guest something to eat and drink? He must be hungry." Egon jumps up while nodding and quickly runs to the kitchen.
"alright" says the father. "You probably wonder where you are, and who we are. But before that, do you have a name?" the guy thinks for a second, he looks distracted. "I don't really have a name at the moment. Usually I use a local name that is used often." He keeps looking around the room. As if searching for something. He looks uncomfortable. "You can relax; nobody here will hurt you" the father says. "Oh, I'm sorry, I was not trying to give that impression. It's just" He hesitates for a moment. "I had a notebook with me, and I can’t find it. Did you by chance see it when I was found?" He looks fidgety. The father wonders what happened for him to be in such an uncertain state, while the mother looks worried. "No, I don't think so. At least not that I know of." She looks at her husband who also shakes his head. The stranger looks disappointed when suddenly there is a loud. "Here you go."
Egon sets down a plate with some leftovers of the dinner which the mother had set aside for breakfast, together with a cup of what looks like hot tea. "I put extra honey in." he whispers to the stranger. "don't tell mom." he runs to the other side of the room and sits next to his mother. "What were you two talking about?" She asks, but instead he grins from ear to ear while staring at the stranger. “Nothing, and you?” The mother sighs with a smile. "This young man lost his notebook. But we haven't found it." his father replies "Oh, this one?" the boy pulls out the notebook from beneath his shirt. "I found it lying next to him."
The strangers’ eyes widen, and he reaches out his hand. "That's it. Please, can I have it?" "Sure, I can't read it anyway. What kind of language did you use... ouch" He hadn't even finished his sentence when he got pinched by his mother. "Don't read other people’s notebooks without permission." The boy rubs his cheek while grumbling. He stands up and hands the notebook to the stranger. "Sorry." "No, thank you." he says while looking through the book. He confirms the text on the first page and the letter.
"it's actually here." From one moment his entire stature seems to change. His eyes change to a deep, relaxing blue and he takes a deep breath.
"I'm so sorry about that. This book is really important to me. I got it from my mentor. I was afraid that I would never see it again."

The three are a bit taken aback by the sudden shift. It looked like he didn't even worry anymore about where he was. "Uhm... That's alright. It looks like that was important to you. So it's good that it's back" the father says, not really sure what to say. "Yeah. Luckily you found it. Again, thank you a lot." He smiles at Egon while he puts away the notebook. "Let's start over, shall we? It is really nice to meet you."
The father nods. "I have a few questions. You mentioned you didn't have a name?" It looks like the father is still on guard. People who hide their name are usually either criminals, or on the run. "That is correct. Is there by chance a local name I can use?" Blunt and straight to the point. It was completely the opposite of how this person acted before. As if their worries were for nothing. While the father was still processing this straightforwardness, the mother answered "Let's see. a local name you say. What about Allard. There are many of those around here." "Sounds good. Then please, call me Allard from now on. It's nice to meet you miss. May I have your names?" Allard asks with a bow; He makes a bit of a show from his new introduction.
The mother chuckles and replies "My name is Frida, this is my husband Taran, and this little rascal is Egon." Allard holds out his hand. "Again, it is nice to meet you. Frida, Taran and Egon." "Hello Allard" Egon happily shakes his hand. "Where are you from? Why are you here? What language is in that notebook? Did you travel alone?" Egon Suddenly bombarded Allard with all kinds of questions. until Frida looks sternly at him before turning back to Allard, also shaking his hand.

"It is nice to meet you too Allard. But if you don't mind me asking. Why did you not have a name, you mentioned something about taking a local name?" "Right, let me introduce myself properly this time. Right now, my name is Allard, I am a traveller who visits many different places to learn about different cultures, religions, races and more. It has become a tradition for me to take a local name so that I fit in better." the mother thinks for a bit. "a wanderer huh? Have you been in the city yet?"
Before Allard could answer, Frida feels a hand on her shoulder. "Before that, I have an important question" Taran stands next to Frida. He looks serious. "How did you end up at the hill where we found you. Even if you wandered from the closest city in a straight line, it would take days. You don't have any bags with food or water" Allard looks away and closes his eyes. "I honestly don't know how to explain it. I was not running or kidnapped. I can tell you that much. But if you don't mind, I would rather keep it to myself. For now at least."
Taran looks at him with an angry glare. "No name, no origin, just a wanderer. And weirdest of all, no primal." Frida looks with shock at Allard, takes a closer look and covers her mouth to hide her gasp. "It's true. He is not using primal." All three of the family members just look in shock, trying to organize their thoughts. looking for some way that this person could be moving around. After a while Allard breaks the silence. "I'm sorry, but what is 'primal'?" Frida hesitates a bit, but then answers. "You... you really don't know?" Allard just shakes his head carefully. He seems to be on guard, not knowing how to react. "Primal... primal is strength itself. Every waking moment of the day primal is used. While walking, while lifting anything and all other movements one makes in a day." Allard looks a bit confused. "So it's a way to use muscles?" Frida thinks for a bit and then nods. "You, you could say that."

Another silence. Another stalemate. That is until, Taran takes a deep breath. "Let's calm down for now. the first moon has already set, and the fourth moon is about to rise. Egon, you should go to bed." Just by the mention of his bed, Egons energy seems to fade, and he sheepishly nods. His curiosity was turned into confusion. And now his confusion had drained his energy, hitting him with one big wave of tiredness. He has one big yawn. "Goodnight mom, goodnight dad, goodnight... uhm... Allard?" Frida also stands up. "I'll tuck him in." both of them walk down the hallway into the first room.

Taran stares at Allard. Egon leaving broke the tension quite a bit, but there was still some awkwardness in the room. "Never heard of it you say. It sounds the same as if you would say that you never heard of breathing, or eating, or drinking." He seems to be in thought, until after a bit when he stands up, and walks to a big wooden cabinet. He grabs two glasses, and an old looking bottle made of glass that looks like it was shaped as if it's pottery. He pours two drinks and hands one to Allard before sitting back down. They sit in silence for a while, until.
He sighs. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get that wound up." "I understand." Allard replies. "Stranger in the woods, no information. nothing to share. I'm honestly surprised that you all didn't kick me out." Taran looks up at the ceiling. "Forest rule number 8, always show hospitality to those without a place to sleep. If you truly were someone with bad intentions, you would've shown it by now." "Forest rules?" "Yeah, we call them rules, but they are more like our way of living. We protect the forest as much as it protects us." Allard nods. "Respect nature, and nature will provide." Taran looks back down at him. "Did you also grow up in the forest?" Allard shakes his head. "No, but for a long time I had to live in the wilderness. Sometimes the forest, or a desert. the Jungle and the artic. When in the wilderness you need to respect the rules of nature, or nature will snap back. Or at least some animal that sees me as food will snap, its yaws that is." Taran chuckles. "Cheers to that. May the jaws of nature never bear its fangs. It's already dangerous enough when Frida bears her claws." "When I do what?" Behind Taran's chair stands Frida, who digs her fingers in his shoulder with an angry looking grin. "Do you want to sleep outside tonight?" Taran looks back at her. "No thank you." He has a wry smile on his face.

"Uhm, excuse me" Allard says. Now that you are back, I have a question for you both." Taran and Frida look up at him. Frida just leans on Taran's shoulders. "Alright then. One final question for now." Taran replies. "Tomorrow, we have more than enough time to go over everything in detail."
Allard nods. "How did you know that I didn't use primal." Frida points at her neck. "You didn't have any marks." On her neck there are all kinds of stretch marks. "Everyone has them where they use primal the most. And because everybody uses it when they are a baby to keep up their little heads, the neck has the clearest marks. We often call it the Quagga effect due to the striped appearance."
Allard seems to be deep in thought for a bit while looking closely and her and Taran’s neck. "Anyway, that is how we knew" Taran says. "Everybody has the marks on their necks. and after that it depends on what they use it for. But we can show that tomorrow." Taran stands up. "Tomorrow is going to be an early day. I know that you just woke up, but..." Taran wonders how he should explain falling asleep. It is so natural for them to just deactivate primal, that he can't even imagine any other way. "Uhm... just try to fall asleep." "You can sleep in the room where you woke up. It's always ready in case we have guests." Frida continues. Allard nods. "Alright. Thank you." "Goodnight."

The couple moves to their bedroom and get ready for bed. "Why did you suddenly change your mind. You were so wary of him." Frida says. "He looked tired." "Tired? what do you mean." "The way he looked around. As if he should run at any moment. I know that look. He has been in survival mode for too long." Frida chuckles. "You big softy." Taran grumbles a bit. "Yeah yeah" Frida replies and gives him a kiss. "Goodnight." She says as they both, as if by magic, instantly fall asleep.

[[Chapter 2 - An eventful morning]]
