The mist rolls over the ground of the forest as the world slowly wakes. Taran loudly yawns as he steps into the hallway. Even though he normally would have slept in today, he didn't want to be awake later than their guest. He walks to the living room and opens the curtains, letting in the light of the sun. He looks outside at the stables. The Equus had already entered the field and were calmly grazing. He turns back to the room and prepares to walk to the kitchen when the door to the guest room opens.
"Ah, good morning" says Allard while walking to the living room. "Did you sleep well?" Taran nods in reply. Now that it is day he is able to get a closer look at Allard. He looks quite young, way younger than the way he speaks would make you believe. from a quick glance he deduces that he is in his late teens to early twenties, however from the way he spoke he sounded more like an experienced explorer who would be around his own age. "What about you." Allard looks a bit awkward. "Yeah... I slept alright." Something was off, but Taran didn't want to push the matter. "Good to hear." Taran lights a fire in the kitchen, it looks like the wood has been there for quite a long time already. The wood shows signs of it being lit and relit repeatedly. "Can you keep an eye on the fire?" "Uhm, sure" Allard walks towards the fire and takes a look at it. Taran nods, grabs a kettle and walks outside.

The mist is still rolling around while a few birds are chirping up high in the trees. He takes a deep breath to take in the fresh morning air before calmly walking to the side of the house, past the stable towards the river. The river flows at the edge of the forest, through the Equus's field and back into the forest. The water level is quite low at the moment, reaching only around halfway to the edge, a clear sign of the start of autumn. The water almost looks like it's made out of glass while it flows, clean and calm. Taran scoops up some water with the kettle, looks around the premises, and returns to the small, single floor house standing in the middle of the field.

Inside the fire is calm, Allard softly smiles while he is poking around the fire. It looks like with every poke the fire dances around. It almost looks alive. "Having fun?" Taran closes the door behind him. "How are you even doing that." Taran, now curious moves closer to the fire. the bricks of wood arranged in a circle with an empty space in the centre. "Some good wood, a stable hand and a lot of time with the fire." Allard says calmly. "No matter where you go, fire is always there to keep you warm. But if you don't control it." he pokes in a few specific places, and a huge flame spews up, barely avoiding the ceiling. "Well, you get the idea." Taran looks completely dumbfounded. Yet Allard just simply holds up his hand. "May I?" Taran looks a bit confused for a second, but then hands him the kettle, which Allard puts on the fire. Poking it a bit more, creating an almost perfect ring of fire around the kettle made of flames. He looks with a soft smile at the fire while having his eyes at the same height as the flames. His eyes glow a soft, dark green colour.

Taran scratches the back of his head, not sure what to say. He wants to ask a lot, yet this person looks so relaxed. He sighs. "You know, ..." "GOOD MORNING" Out of one of the rooms a bundle of energy called Egon bursts into the hallway, right into the living room. Both the guys look up. Taran sighs deeply while Allard just chuckles. "Good morning to you too. Did you sleep well?" Allard stands up straight and wipes his hands clean on a nearby towel. "Yep. Like that log." Egon points outside to the log they brought back, you can barely see it out of the window. "And today I will show you everything around here. the Equus, the forest, the cart, the garden, the house, the shed, moms’ workshop if we can get in." Egon just starts to list off everything that he can think of full of excitement.
"But maybe you should first go and wash yourself." A soft voice fills the air; from the hallway Frida appears too. "Did he wake you up?" Taran asks, nodding his head to the kid. Frida just smiles without answering before looking back at Egon. "So? what are you waiting for?" Egon sighs. "Yes mom." he grabs a towel and walks outside. "How do you do it." Taran smiles while looking out the window. Frida grabs a cup and pours some water from the now boiling kettle. "Mothers secret. Also being away does a lot." Allard perks up. "Being away?"

Frida walks towards the table and sits down. "Yes, I just returned yesterday from the city. About a week away." "A week? Then where is it? What did you do there? And how big is the city?" Allard quickly sits down across from her. He seems full of curiosity. Again, a sudden shift in behaviour. Taran is a bit caught off guard by this. He thinks back to yesterday with the notebook, and how his behaviour seems to shift quickly. Why is he so adult in some moments, and yet so childlike in other moments. Frida chuckles "One thing at a time. My job in the city is helping and curing people who are sick. Finding if something is wrong with someone and find a way to bring them back to full health" Allard nods his head understanding. "So you're a doctor." "You have heard of it? Then did you go to the city before? The job was bestowed a name a few months ago." Frida looks surprised. Taran interjects. "If that was the case he wouldn't have to ask where it was." "Oh, you're right." She looks back at Allard, who seems to be on edge suddenly. As if his curiosity has vanished and he is in, as Taran called it, Survival mode. Frida lays her hands over his hand "You can relax, we won't ask about your circumstances." "For now." Taran answers, Frida responds with an elbow to his stomach. Allard hesitates a bit, not sure what or if he should say something.
"No, he is right to question me. I'd honestly be more put off if you went along with everything instead." For the first time it seems that he is showing a side between the two extremes that he showed before. Careful, yet not completely blocked off. "I promise that I will tell what I can bit by bit. But for now I can only really say that I'm from really far away with no way home." He takes out his notebook and opens it, showing it to the two.

Inside the notebook was nothing special at first glance. just a lot of text in a standard, although a bit messy handwriting. Taran just looks once and not too closely. He never took the time to learn how to read. It wasn't needed this far away from the city so he wasn't really interested in the book. That is until Frida picks it up. "You really are from far away." Her eyes dart from one side of the page to the other. Flipping through the pages to try and find more text with widened eyes. "Why do you look so surprised" Taran asks after a bit, snapping Frida out of her trance. "These words and letters, I've never seen them before." Taran raises an eyebrow. "I thought there was only one language." "Me too, yet this shows otherwise. There is even a letter serving as a bookmark with a different handwriting, yet it uses the same letters and words." She keeps looking over it letter by letter. Even if she couldn't read it, just seeing this new language was already interesting enough. "Can you come to my workshop later? I'd love to learn how this system works." She hands the notebook back. "Alright." Allard replies. "Maybe you can show me a bit more about primal too." Taran twitches a bit when hearing this. This boy really didn't know what primal is. now that it is day, it's even clearer visible, no quagga marks anywhere. Not on the neck, but also not on his arms or legs. He looks at his own arms. He had a lot of marks on his upper arms and his legs from the wood working. "Hmmm. I can give you a theoretical explanation, however this is still speculative even at the church itself. So how about you first go with Taran and Egon into the woods and see for yourself. Meanwhile I'll prepare whatever information we have so far." Taran nods at this. "Sounds good. We'll leave right after breakfast." Allard nods, he has an exited look on his face and his eyes hold a clear yellow colour. Taran hadn't noticed this change before; He decided not to ask questions right now. There will be enough time for that when they go into the woods.

Egon opens the door, runs in and sits down. "So, what are we going to check out first." He looks at Allard full of expectation. Ready to show him around the different parts of their little home. "Well first you're going to eat breakfast." Taran sets two plates on the table, one in front of Egon, and the second at the spot where he was sitting just now. "And after that you can show him the forest. Show him what you can do." Frida follows up while setting down the final two plates. The four plates were quite simple. fried eggs on a piece of bread with some cheese. All made from ingredients that you could easily get on a farm. "Okay" Egon replies with his mouth already full. Frida just sighs while Taran glares. "Not with your mouth full." He says strictly. Allard meanwhile just looks at the meal for a second before he also starts to eat. It seems like it had been a while that he had eaten a full warm meal. Taran and Frida look at each other, Frida nods. Taran stands up without saying a word and walks to the kitchen. when he returns, he is holding 4 bowls. Before he sits down Frida says: "Because we have a guest, and it has been a while since I returned home, we decided to make something special." Taran puts down the 4 bowls. "Custard?" Allard reacts. Frida, expecting this by now nods. "yep. This is a new recipe introduced during the summer's end party in the city. Straight from Prudence himself for his followers." Taran sits back down. He glances at Allard who droops his head a bit and sighs. Again, knowing something which just happened while Frida has a soft smile and gives a small nod towards Allard. Egon looks confused at the three, not understanding what just happened. "So... god gave us this?" Not sure what to say, he asks the first thing that comes to his mind. Frida nods while Allard grabs his spoon and tries some. "Still delicious."

It didn't take long for everyone to finish breakfast. Taran and Frida started cleaning up after sending Egon and Allard outside.
"... He has some relation to Prudence... When did you get this recipe again?" "We got the recipes this year just before the summers end party, so about a week before I started to head back." "I'll keep an eye on him. How much time do you need?" "Probably a few hours. the workshop hasn't been touched in over 3 months, that is if Egon hasn't snuck in. Everything should be dusty. So it take about 4 hours just to be sure" Taran nods. "then we'll be back about an hour after lunch." They continue to clean up and prepare lunch for 3 to take on the go. Taran explains to Frida what he has planned. About letting Egon teach the basics to Allard and go on a simple task to get another tree.
"Be careful okay? don't forget to talk about the dangers." Taran nods, gives her a kiss and walks outside towards a very exited Egon, and a carefully optimistic Allard.

Shortly after the trio left for the forest, Frida walks outside. Between the house and the stable, connected to the main house itself is a little building around the size of a big shed. The shed itself seems to be quite new compared to the other buildings. She stands in front of the door and inspects the lock to see if Egon had been trying to get in. However, except for some fresh scratches, it seems that nobody had entered. She takes the key that is hanging around her neck and unlocks the Workshop. Slowly opening the door. One by one, different items get illuminated in the once dark room. prototypes, models and toys. Gears, screws and tools. On the desk and on the floor there were all kinds of papers, notes and schematics of different devices. Everything covered in a thick layer of dust which had been accumulating for over 3 months. Yesterday she didn't have time to unpack everything, so she had quickly put her suitcase inside before heading into the house. But now is the time to clean and prepare for her guest.
She started by opening all the blinds and windows. A gust of wind blew through the room, stirring the different documents. "Alright, let’s start with those." She starts picking up the documents and sorts them into a couple categories: One for the body and health related notes, one for schematics of the different devices which she had been working on before it was her turn to work in the capital again, one for unfinished research notes, and one recipes. "I really should bring these to the kitchen..." she mumbles to herself while looking through the list. most ingredients were difficult to obtain all the way out here, when winter arrives they also won't be able to procure any new ingredients.

After getting distracted for a while by reading the different notes she hurries back to cleaning. Getting rid of the dust, sorting her models, prototypes and toys on the shelves. The models were built with quite a lot of care. They were mostly of different kinds of buildings and transport options. The prototypes had a lot of signs of being taken apart and being put back together over and over again. Around half of them were gifted to Frida to examine how they work. The lamp prototype, the locks, the clock, the pump, and finally her most recent addition: a small engine which runs on steam. The most recent development, self-propelling devices. The final shelf held toys, half of them were gifted by her college's, the other half she made herself to test the new principles she learned from examining the prototypes. Out of her bag she took the two most recent ones. One was a cylinder with several rings around it which had letters on them. The second toy is a 3 by 3 cube of which the sides could turn, which would mess up the colours. She hadn't had the time to solve them yet, however even when putting it away she couldn't resist turning the different sides to see if she could get closer to solving it before setting it aside with a sigh.

With the cleaning done she sits down at her desk together with the medical papers. From her bag she grabs a couple more papers with new information from the last three months from the capital. "There should be something about primal." She calmly goes through each paper. she skims over the papers she already had in the workshop. However, she carefully read each piece of information from the new documents. Now that being a doctor is an official role, a lot more facts about the human body were being recorded. Yet almost nothing about how Primal worked. The first couple of pages were about the digestive system. "Prudence really likes food huh..." When nothing was being researched, the church would often receive an oracle with the next research topic. So it was no wonder that all the food related topics had priority. Frida continues through the papers. Bone structure, sicknesses, muscles... Ah, muscles, Allard mentioned those. Frida herself never looked at the muscles of a person herself. It was not like it was taboo to learn about, but it was one of the few fields where almost nothing goes wrong, so nobody ever paid attention to it. She flips through the pages. most of the information is about the location and how to work around them when preforming surgery. However at the end of the document she finds one small comment. "Shows signs of damage directly after intensely using primal. after 24 hours the traces were gone" She looks through the papers if there are any other notes like this, however nothing could be found. She sighs and looks outside. The sun already passed over the workshop, the others should return soon. She picks up het papers and returns to the house. She prepares some food and eats her lunch while she continues to read the documents.

The wind blows through the leaves, lifting them up and calmly placing them on the ground. Taran looks up at the sun, it's around an hour after they left. yet they didn't make it very far. Normally they would maximise primal to enhance their speed. But with their guest this was not possible. If they wanted to get anything done, they would have to start now. He looked around to see if there was anything that could be dangerous. They were still quite close to their home, so nothing should be showing up. He looked up at the hills in the distance. Autumn had started, so soon they should come down to hunt enough for the winter. Although with a bit of luck they would head to the other side of the hills this year.
"Alright. Let's go over the most important rules. Egon? What do you think is the most important" Egon thinks for a bit. "Uhm. rule number 5? always tell others where you're going?" "Hmm, not quite, but it is a really important one. Once you're in the forest you can't rely on that rule." He looks over to Allard. "What do you think." Allard thinks for a bit. "The forest is big and unpredictable, even if you don't know the way, you should always have a plan prepared to get home, or at least to a place of safety case of an emergency." Taran thinks for a bit. "I guess you could say that. Rules 1, 2 and 3." Egon replies "Respect the forest, always put your own safety first, always have a plan when going into the forest."
Taran nods. "Indeed." he turns to Allard. "What you just said is those three combined. Always remember that the forest is mighty." With that he turns around and looks at the trees. "We are getting 2 trees today. Egon, it's your job to teach him how to." Egon raises his axe. "Yes sir." he replies with a grin. Taran nods at this, respect for the job. The forest wasn't a place to mess around. He looks at Allard, who is already observing Egon. "We don't know what the differences are, so just observe and see what happens." Allard nods. "Are you okay with doing a few experiments? Nothing dangerous." Taran frowns a bit. Experiments, even this far from the city. Always the experiments. However he has no reason to refuse. He sighs. "Sure."

Egon walks off to the tree. he lifts his axe and looks back with a big smile. This was his moment to show what he can do. He didn't quite understand what was wrong with Allard and why he couldn't run as fast as he could, however he didn't mind that. Instead, he wanted to show off with all his might. He looks at the tall, grey trees. Their bark almost like stone. their thickness of the trunk three times his size if he would lay next to it. Yet he stood there just like he was taught by his dad. This year was the first year that he finally was able to join his father for chopping wood. And this was the first time that someone else would see it. "ARE YOU READY?" He readies his axe. His arms increase in size, and he swings. With a loud crash the tree falls down. One swing, that's all it took. Egon lowers his axe and wants to turn around when suddenly Allard is right behind him. "How did you do that." He runs his finger over the edge of the Axe, it's smooth, not even sharp. "This should not be able to cut. Was that just the raw strength given by primal?" Egon Is a bit taken aback by the sudden change. He stumbles a bit and falls backwards. However, Allard, grabs his hand and prevents him from falling. "Careful there. .... Sorry about that. I was just impressed by what you did." Egons face goes from surprised to pride. "Of course, I can do this all day. Even trees twice as big, three times as long and four times as strong." "When I already cut through it halfway" Taran says with a soft voice, just loud enough for the other two to hear. "So even with this strength, there are trees that take you more than one swing?" Taran nods. "Technically we could do almost any in one, however if we do that than our arms will hurt afterwards and we won't be able to return them home or cut anything down for weeks." "So you're pulling a muscle? or maybe even tear one?" Taran shrugs. "If you know how to avoid an injury, then just don't do that action."

For half an hour Allard just asks questions. Questions about how they activate primal, how long they can keep it up and if there are any downsides. After some talking he inspects their muscles, what is the difference between before and after. Somewhere between the experiments they eat lunch and enjoy the sun that shines between the trees.
"Alright, can you activate it?" Allard is looking at the arms of Taran. Who just nods and activates. His arms grow 1.2 times their original size. "Interesting." He starts to inspect his own arm. after pressing down on a couple of soft spots he nods. "Alright, I think I got an idea of how it works. To keep it simple..." Taran cuts him off. "Quiet, stay down." The moment Taran finishes his sentence he already sees Allard in a low position holding a dagger. Egon is hiding behind the two. Why today, they never get this close. "Silodon Fatalis" Taran whispers.
In the bushes, behind the trees something moves. Eyeing its prey. "Move back, the middle of the field. don't give it a chance to attack." It is only one, this usually wouldn't be a problem, but Egon has not yet faced one of them, and Allard can't even defend himself. 'It's up to me' Taran thinks to himself. The moment they reach the centre of the circle; the creature moves forward out onto the field. These creatures are unpredictable, and now that he has decided that the group is prey, they won't leave them alone. The beast slowly follows them into the light, now that it knew that the group had spotted it, it decided that it’s better to face them head on. He bared his fangs, two of which would reach lower than his chin. The Silodon Fatalis, or sabretooth was quick, efficient, and deadly. Going after the weak first. It had claws which could rip through flesh in seconds, while it's teeth could crush bones. Taran prepares his axe when suddenly: "Stay back" Allard says calmly. Stay back? as if that beast would listen. However, it didn't take long for Taran to realize his misunderstanding. The weak Allard, not even able to use Primal, lunges forward. Taran immediately braces himself to help. But he hesitates at the sight that he is seeing.

Allard and the beast move around each other in a way that nobody could tell who the hunter is, and who the prey. Knife in hand of one, sharp fangs on the other.
The sound of silent footsteps, the wind through the leaves, and slow breathing fills the air. both are in a position ready to attack. The few seconds feel like they are taking forever.
silent footsteps, wind through the leaves, slow breathing. The sun has rotated in a way that only half the field is filled with shadow.
Silent footsteps, wind through the leaves, slow breathing. Until all of a sudden there is a flash of light in the eyes of the beast. In the second that he is blinded he lost sight of his enemy. he listens for the familiar footsteps, however for some reason he can't hear it anymore. The wind had picked up and the sound of the wind rustling the leaves has become louder than the footsteps. Was this planned? the beast frantically looks around. The other two are still standing there, however it knows that if it attacks them directly that it will give its opponent an advantage. First it needs to find him.
It was for but a moment of the wind calming down for the beast to hear the calm breathing of its opponent. He turned around, and instantly a sharp pain was felt on the inside of its left legs, he collapses to the side trying to figure out what just happened. But his opponent was not hidden this time. his opponent calmly stood up. Stood up? Why was he on the ground. It was at that point that the events clicked into place. They walked in circles until he could use the reflection of the sun on his knife to blind him when the wind picked up. All so he could hide the sound of his footsteps using the louder rustling of the leaves. The moment that he could predict its next movement, he slid below it and cut its legs, ending up in behind him. It was but a short moment, but it felt like a second eternity is passing by. Step by step this prey, this weak looking thing closes in. It hadn't used brute strength like his other opponents. He was weak, slow. In any other scenario it would've been an easy meal. Yet with each footstep getting closer, panic sets in. with all its might it tries to stand up. Move its body, bite at the approaching hunter. Yet it's too late. He didn't even feel the moment his life got cut short. Didn't have the chance to.

Taran was just standing there, stunned by what he just saw. While he was thinking of how to pull Allard out of the fight, he already took down the beast by himself. It happened so fast that he couldn't even react. No, that's a lie, he could've reacted in time. But something froze him in place. Those eyes. Usually they were calm, careful or even playful. However, this was different. All he could see was an intend to kill. As if the moment the beast was marked, it didn't stand a chance. Just what... no, just who is this person.
Taran sweats profusely, not knowing what to say when: "THAT WAS SO COOL." Egon jumps forward. "How did you do that. You didn't even get any stronger. and how did it die so quickly." Egon rushes to the beast. This was clearly not his first time hunting, however he lacked the instinct that you can only build through experience. "Wow, just one cut?" he points to the back of the neck, it was just one stab of surgical precision that instantly ended the beast. Taran slowly walks over and inspects the beast. Just like Egon said, one strike to the back of the head. He was contemplating on what to do with the body when Allard speaks up. "I did get a bit stronger though. I managed to use a bit of primal to strengthen my legs. Thanks to that I was able to move just fast enough to hide. The drawback though." His legs wobble and he falls over. "It seems that my muscles aren't used to it." He chuckles and inspects his legs with a smile. Taran walks to him. "Can I have your knife for a second? I'm going to drain the blood." Without even looking Allard hands him the knife. Still laughing with Egon about how his legs felt like water. Taran carefully takes the knife. He is visibly shaken. Not by the beast that was defeated, but the one in front of him. He still couldn't get the thoughts out of his mind. That is until he sees Allard’s curious but happy expression change. The moment Allard looks at Taran it is as if he looks straight through him. His eyes, which were a calming, happy orange, change to the stinging yellow. His happy expression becomes neutral. It was as if a door which was slowly opening is closing again. It was that same expression that he showed when they just met. A combination of fear and anxiety. But this time with some disappointment mixed in.

Egon looks at the two. "What are you doing? Did something bad happen?" Taran snaps his head to him, he hadn't even noticed that he was breathing heavily right now. He takes another look at Allard. He is just sitting there, not able to stand up. Taran looks at the knife in his hand. This boy, who seems to distrust everything around him, yet without hesitation he had given his knife to him. "What am I even doing" he whispers under his breath. The only thing that Allard did was protect them, yet here he was shaking. He takes a deep breath to calm himself while facing away from the boys. "Next time don't do that alone. What if you were alone and had collapsed before it was dead." It takes a couple seconds before Allard fully understood what Taran just said. However, after a few seconds he softly smiles. "Yeah. Rule 2 right? Always put your own safety first." "You're forgetting part two of the rule: You can't help anyone if you can't help yourself. Also, there is rule 10: two is stronger than one. Now shall we prepare the sabretooth to take it back?" Allard nods slowly, his eyes changing from the stinging, fearful yellow, to a more relaxing green. In response Taran helps Allard up and places him against a tree. "Alright son, this is a first for you right?" Taran looks towards Egon, who nods. Taran takes the time to explain how and why he should drain the blood. About the quality of the meat and how fast meat can spoil. Egon is looking interested, however the moment the blood comes out he gets a bit nausea. The wounds Allard inflicted were so clean that he didn't realize just how much it takes to clean and prepare an animal.

After everything is done Taran cleans the knife and hands it back to Allard. "Here, thank you for lending it." Allard hesitates for a bit. "Are you sure?" Taran nods, it seems like he has made up his mind. Although he probably would be thinking about this for days if Egon was not there. Allard takes the knife and puts it away. "Can you stand?" Taran asks. "Do I need to carry you? Then I can show just how fast I can go." Egon says excitedly. "You're carrying the tree." Taran says while picking up the log and throwing it towards Egon. Egon stumbles a bit trying to catch the gigantic log, but he quickly finds his balance. Allard chuckles. With shaking legs he slowly stands up. "Yeah, I can stand, and if I use minimal primal, I should be able to walk." "So that’s a no." Taran replies bluntly. He walks to the sabretooth and throws it over his shoulder. Shortly after he returns to Allard and does the same with the other shoulder. "Egon, we're going back." Egon nods and picks up the log. He jumps a few times with it on his shoulder as to test its weight. "Race?" "Not right now. I'm carrying someone." "I'm okay with it though." "Yeah, see dad? even Allard is okay with it." Taran sighs. "Alright but be careful. And Allard, hold on."

"READY, SET, GO" The second Allard says go, the two start running. it took them an hour to get where they were. yet everything was just zooming by, making it unrecognizable from the way there. Allard just lifts up his head and closes his eyes. Enjoying the wind in his face. He thinks about his time here and what he should do next. Perhaps he could stay a bit longer. It had been a while since he had the chance to let his guard down. Yet these people wear their hearts on their sleeves. Maybe, just maybe. He thinks that it would be nice for a bit as they approach the house. He didn't even care who won, however the disappointed sounds, together with the deep laughter didn't leave him guessing.