"So correct me if I'm wrong. You guys were gone for 4 hours, didn't travel beyond the basic forest line, yet you return with a sabretooth and an Allard in bloody clothes who can't use his legs?" Frida sits in the chair across from the other three. At her side are stacks of papers which she was reading before the others returned home together with half a cup of tea which is slowly getting cold. Taran sits in the middle across from Frida. On his left is Egon, who is partly exited about everything that happened, and partly sulking because he lost the race home. Finally there is Allard. Who keeps glancing at the papers on the table with a serious expression and a hint of curiosity. "They were getting close to the house" Taran replies. "And instead of grabbing the boys and getting out of there, you stood and watched. Is that it?" Taran sinks a bit into his seat. He has no idea how to explain what he saw, how to explain those eyes that were filled with death which froze him to the core. And how they got to open up to each other a bit more. Frida just stares at him, it almost looks like she is able to see the gears turning in his head, patiently waiting for a reply. 

Taran leans forward and clasps his hands together, while his head is down he starts explaining. "We.... I... yeah, I didn't know how to react in such a short time. Before I could jump in Allard already had taken the lead" Suddenly Egon chimes in. "IT WAS SO COOL. Normally when we come across something dangerous dad solves it with one hit. But but but Allard kept moving around and diving and then the beast fell and one hit and then he collapsed and then Allard collapsed but he had won and dad looked a bit scared but then they were happy and dad taught me how to prepare the beast." ... Frida blinks a couple of times, trying to proces the rambling of the child. While Egon rambles on she takes the time to think about what what just said. She thinks to herself: 'So Allard jumped in, and used movement instead of the raw strength that Taran usually uses. Taran was shocked by what he saw, and Egon was in awe. But if everything went alright, then why is Allard injured' "And then I showed him how I use primal and how dad uses primal and then he said that he could use it but he overused it and" "Wait, Did you just say that he figured out how primal works?" Frida looks back and forth between Allard and the stack of papers. Allard nods once, his serious expression showing hints of excitement, probably happy to share his findings. "I" Allard starts before Frida interrupts him. "Wait wait wait. Let's save that for when we're at the workshop." Allard, who seems a bit disappointed that he has to wait, nods. "Alright." "But for now:" She looks at Egon. "Go grab some extra clothes which Allard can wear." Her sight moves to Allard. "You follow him and after you're done cleaning up and changing, come to the workshop." And finally Taran. "And you go wash his clothes and finish preparing the sabretooth for tonight's dinner" In Unison they nod and stand up and start moving. Egon and Allard with Egons help towards the hallway, and Taran towards the door when: "One second." Frida stand behind Taran and gives him a kiss on the cheek. "I'm happy you're home safe." Taran returns her action with a kiss of his own together with a hug and a soft smile. "Sorry for worrying you."

The workshop is quiet, the dust still settling from the cleaning. In the chair next to the workbench Frida is 

allard comes in
he is surprised by what he sees
they geek out about different devices
move on to talk about prudence and the city
move on to talk about primal.